Task

Your mission is to build a ranking and qualification system that determines whether a company truly matches a user’s request.

Imagine a user asks: “Find logistics companies in Germany.”

A search system retrieves hundreds of companies that might be relevant. But search results are noisy. Among them you might find:

    A freight forwarding company in Hamburg (perfect match)
    A German software company that builds logistics management tools (debatable)
    A Polish company operating a warehouse near the German border (probably not)

Search retrieves candidates, but something still needs to decide which companies actually match the user’s intent.

A naive approach would be to send every candidate company to a large language model and ask: “Does this company match the query?”

This works surprisingly well, but it has serious problems:

    Expensive — qualifying hundreds of companies per query quickly becomes costly.
    Slow — sequential API calls can take tens of seconds.
    Inconsistent — borderline cases may produce different answers across runs.
    Overkill — simple queries receive the same expensive treatment as complex reasoning tasks.

Your challenge is to design a smarter qualification system that balances:

    Accuracy
    Speed
    Cost
    Scalability

The strongest solutions will combine multiple techniques and apply them intelligently.

1. Data

You will receive a dataset containing a collection of company profiles. Each company represents a potential candidate that may or may not satisfy a given query.

Each company may include some or all of the following fields:

    website – The company’s primary website domain.
    operational_name – The commonly used name of the company.
    year_founded – The year the company was established.
    address – The company’s primary location
    employee_count – Estimated number of employees.
    revenue – Estimated annual revenue in USD.
    primary_naics – The company’s main NAICS industry classification.
    secondary_naics – Additional NAICS industry classifications where applicable.
    description – A textual description of the company’s activities, products, or services.
    business_model – The primary business model (e.g., B2B, B2C, marketplace, SaaS, etc.).
    target_markets – Industries or customer segments the company serves.
    core_offerings – Key products or services provided by the company.
    is_public – Indicates whether the company is publicly traded.

Example company record:
{
"operational_name": "Meridian Logistics GmbH",
"website": "meridian-logistics.de",
"year_founded": 2003,
"address": "Munich, Germany",
"employee_count": 342,
"revenue": 48000000,
"primary_naics": {"code": "488510", "label": "Freight Transportation Arrangement"},
"secondary_naics": [{"code": "493110", "label": "General Warehousing and Storage"}],
"description": "Full-service freight forwarding and supply chain management company offering customs brokerage, warehousing, and transportation solutions across Europe.",
"business_model": ["B2B", "Service Provider"],
"core_offerings": ["freight forwarding", "customs brokerage", "warehousing"],
"target_markets": ["automotive", "manufacturing"],
"is_public": false
}

Important: not every company contains every field.
Missing data is common in real-world company datasets, so your solution should remain effective even when some information is unavailable.

2. Objective

Build a system that:

    receives a user query
    has access to the companies database

and determines which companies truly match the query.

Your solution should return a ranked or filtered list of companies that best satisfy the user’s intent.

The goal is not simply to find companies that are *similar* to the query — but companies that meaningfully satisfy the constraints implied by it.

3. Queries

Your system will be tested on 12 queries of varying complexity.

Some queries are highly structured and map directly to specific fields.

Example:

    “Public software companies with more than 1,000 employees.”

Others require interpretation and reasoning.

Example:

    “Fast-growing fintech companies competing with traditional banks in Europe.”

Some queries may involve:

    supply chains
    business relationships
    inferred industry roles
    vague or subjective criteria

Your system should attempt to handle both structured and judgment-heavy queries.


Example Queries

    Logistic companies in Romania

    Public software companies with more than 1,000 employees.

    Food and beverage manufacturers in France

    Companies that could supply packaging materials for a direct-to-consumer cosmetics brand

    Construction companies in the United States with revenue over $50 million

    Pharmaceutical companies in Switzerland

    B2B SaaS companies providing HR solutions in Europe

    Clean energy startups founded after 2018 with fewer than 200 employees

    Fast-growing fintech companies competing with traditional banks in Europe.

    E-commerce companies using Shopify or similar platforms

    Renewable energy equipment manufacturers in Scandinavia

    Companies that manufacture or supply critical components for electric vehicle battery production

Look carefully at the differences between these queries.

Some are almost entirely structured filters.

Others require interpreting the role a company plays within a broader ecosystem.

Such a problem requires a flexible system that can adapt to the complexity of the query.


4. Baselines

You may find the following baseline strategies tempting. Each works partially, but each has significant limitations.

BASELINE A — LLM Per Company

Send each company individually to an LLM and ask: “Does this company match the query?”

Pros:

    strong semantic understanding
    decent accuracy

Cons:

    expensive
    slow
    inconsistent
    scales poorly

BASELINE B — Embedding Similarity

Embed the query and each company profile and rank by cosine similarity.

Pros:

    cheap
    fast

Cons:

    poor intent understanding
    similarity ≠ relevance

Example failure:

Query: “Companies supplying packaging for cosmetics brands”

Embedding search often ranks cosmetics companies instead of packaging suppliers.


Your Goal

Design a system that combines the strengths of these approaches while avoiding their weaknesses.

Your solution should aim to be:

    More accurate than naive similarity search
    Faster and cheaper than sending every company to an LLM
    Scalable to large datasets


Expected Deliverables

    Implementation

    Provide a working solution that processes the set of queries

    Your solution should produce qualified companies for each query.

    You are free to design the architecture however you see fit.
    Code
    Submit the code implementing your approach.

    Your code should demonstrate:
        clear structure
        modular design
        scalability considerations


    Organise your submission similar to the following:

    your-submission/
    ├── solution.py
    ├── WRITEUP.md
    ├── requirements.txt
    └── any supporting files
    Writeup

Alongside your implementation, submit a  WRITEUP.md explaining your solution.

We care as much about the way you think as the final results.

Your writeup should address the following:
3.1 Approach

Describe your system architecture.

    What components does it include?
    How do they interact?
    Why did you choose this design?

3.2 Tradeoffs

What did you optimize for?

Examples:

    speed
    cost
    accuracy
    simplicity
    robustness

What trade-offs did you intentionally make?
3.3 Error Analysis

Where does your system struggle?

Show concrete examples of companies it misclassifies and explain why.
3.4 Scaling

If the system needed to handle 100,000 companies per query instead of 500, what would you change?
3.5 Failure Modes

When might your system produce confident but incorrect results?

What would you monitor in production to detect these failures?

Critical Thinking

The strongest submissions show deep reflection about the problem and solution.

Ask yourself questions such as:

    Where does my system work extremely well?
    Where does it fail?
    What assumptions did I make?
    How robust is the system to missing data?
    How well would this scale to millions of companies?
    What improvements would I prioritise next?
    What signals does the system rely on most heavily?
    When might those signals be misleading?

Understanding the limits of your approach is as important as demonstrating its strengths.

Resources

If you’re ready to begin, start with the following: companies.jsonl

import pandas as pd
df = pd.read_json("data/companies.jsonl", lines=True)

We’re excited to see the solutions you come up with.

Focus on building a system that is thoughtful, scalable, and well-reasoned.

When you’re finished, please submit your solution as a GitHub repository.
